A young stoat.
And it's not alone.
These wild games are too much to resist.
Stalking, chasing and ambushing: all practiced in play.
Soon the young stoats must hunt for themselves
and then these athletic skills will be crucial.
It's September in the English countryside.
This stoat is about to take on an adversary ten times it's size.
It's too dangerous to rush straight in.
Instead, the stoat's aim is to wear the rabbit down.
The rabbit is flagging and the stoat's stamina is starting to make a difference.
But stamina alone is not enough,
the rabbit must still be overpowered.
A bite to the back of the neck and a kill.
The incredible agility of the stoat practiced since it was a kit
was just enough to swing the balance.